Add new sample for graphics pipeline libraries (#445)
KhronosGroup/Vulkan-Samples: samples/extensions/graphics_pipeline_library/README.md

## Linking executables

Once all pipeline (library) parts have been created, the pipeline executable can be linked together from them:

```cpp
std::vector<VkPipeline> libraries = {
    pipeline_library.vertex_input_interface,
    pipeline_library.pre_rasterization_shaders,
    fragment_shader,
    pipeline_library.fragment_output_interface
};

// Link the library parts into a graphics pipeline
VkPipelineLibraryCreateInfoKHR linking_info{};
linking_info.sType        = VK_STRUCTURE_TYPE_PIPELINE_LIBRARY_CREATE_INFO_KHR;
linking_info.libraryCount = static_cast<uint32_t>(libraries.size());
linking_info.pLibraries   = libraries.data();

VkGraphicsPipelineCreateInfo executable_pipeline_create_info{};
executable_pipeline_create_info.sType = VK_STRUCTURE_TYPE_GRAPHICS_PIPELINE_CREATE_INFO;
executable_pipeline_create_info.pNext = &linking_info;
executable_pipeline_create_info.flags = VK_PIPELINE_CREATE_LINK_TIME_OPTIMIZATION_BIT_EXT;

VkPipeline executable = VK_NULL_HANDLE;
vkCreateGraphicsPipelines(get_device().get_handle(), thread_pipeline_cache, 1, &executable_pipeline_create_info, nullptr, &executable);
```

This will result in the pipeline state object to be used at draw time. 

> A note on `VK_PIPELINE_CREATE_LINK_TIME_OPTIMIZATION_BIT_EXT`: This is an optimization flag. If specified, implementations are allowed to do additional optimization passes. This may increase build times but can in turn result in lower runtime costs.

Reviewer: I'd suggest it's worth mentioning here that we suggest apps build first without this flag, and then build again with this flag enabled on the slow path, and switch it out for the fast-linked version when available.

Reviewer: I also wonder if it's worth making the sample behave like this? The pieces to do it are all there, so I don't think it'd be a big change.

Author: That's indeed a good point. I don't want the sample to become too complicated, so would it be okay if there was a checkbox in the UI where the optimization flag can be toggled? That would let people actually see the difference in build time very easily.

Reviewer: That's probably a reasonable compromise.

## The sample

![Sample](./images/sample.jpg)

This sample demonstrates that functionality by creating the shared vertex input interface, pre-rasterization shader state and fragment output interface parts only once up-front, and then re-uses them to create pipelines with customized fragment shaders using random lighting models at runtime. Pipelines are created in a background thread and once they're created, command buffers are updated to display a mesh using the new pipeline.

## Additional resources

* [Reducing Draw Time Hitching with VK_EXT_graphics_pipeline_library](https://www.khronos.org/blog/reducing-draw-time-hitching-with-vk-ext-graphics-pipeline-library)
* [Extension proposal](https://github.com/KhronosGroup/Vulkan-Docs/blob/main/proposals/VK_EXT_graphics_pipeline_library.asciidoc)

## Conclusion

> With the new extension it's now possible to separate the monolithic pipeline state into multiple parts that can be r-used and built independently. This opens up new possibilities for optimizing pipeline creation and reducing hick-ups at runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the new extension it's now possible to separate the monolithic pipeline state into multiple parts that can be reused and built independently. This opens up new possibilities for optimizing pipeline creation and reducing hitches at runtime.
```

Hitches is usually the term used by most ISVs I've heard.
